we've been enjoying the nod to a meme
and Naruto games for a few years now and
the latest in the row of these is naruto
shippuden ultimate ninja storm two so
what I want to know what has happened
from the last game alright so one of the
huge point here is that naruto ultimate
ninja storm two will feature the whole
story from the naruto shippuden series
from the very first episode 2 the latest
episode that are still broadcasting now
so it's a content of three years of
broadcast it calm and dynamic and we can
see the game running in the background
there's a lot of really beautiful
graphics and some really nice animation
and yeah was it hard producing all these
really handicraft sweet as animations
you know the hardware I've been evolving
very quickly and until know we always
try our best to express to the best way
to Naruto world but we are we lucky to
have all these latest hardware's which
allow us to show and display very
realistic and close to the anime series
so when we knew that we had all these
possibilities then of course we started
five years ago to investigate how we
could effectively display in the best
way this anime and this is what where it
started and when we're fighting in these
games you can summon another character
and of course you have a lot of fighting
moves can you tell me about what what
makes a good fight in this game so
basically I think a very intuitive way
of conferring the game is to provide for
each button one action so you'll have
one button for jump on bottom for the
chakra and forth and other than that we
have the very high quality super
techniques that are used with the chakra
and this gameplay is to me very
intuitive and we have tried to include
this with the support characters
this is a standard was already existing
in the prison of the previous episode
but what we have done in this episode is
that we have try to improve it a lot by
introducing a new drive gauge system
means that the your support character
will be able to make a combination
attack with you now and if we are also
depending under the drive cage it will
also help you and protect you against
damage according to the situation so it
is very high I dia has been evolving
very high and you know some big news for
the Naruto series on the presentation on
the game what were those so yeah there's
a very big news for me to announce that
we are we're at last be able to release
the game on xbox 360 and it falls very
very exciting news to be able to provide
you all the fans on both platforms
Naruto experience of the northridge
mingle series when you play the game
yourself do you have a favorite moment
when you're fighting of course I when
I'm three myself to this game I tend to
take it selected the character I like
the most and the one I like the mosque
with the Itachi Uchiha would you win
over me in the fight do you think yeah
what you wanna go to chocolate I am
absolutely certain that I would mean I
will be the winner that's the spirit so
when are you releasing this game so for
all the European Naruto fans I have a
great news we have decided to release
the jab at a game around the end of sep
tember to beginning october and the game
will be even before the japanese reefs
which is quite big okay thank you very
much is there anything you want to add
to defense of naruto out there hey hi to
all know the fans i'm really really
proud to announce you that the naruto
ultimate ninja storm two will be a
containing of so many features so many
story so many exciting battles that are
you will be definitely crazy about this
game and if i had to add something else
i would say that the boss battles that
are featuring this game will make you
completely crazy because you may
you may cry when you see them so please
look forward to this a wonderful game
thank you very much